Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(lighthearted music)
- [Man] Graphics package ready.
- [Woman] Roll main title.
- Camera three. tilt
down and refrain.
- [Man] Ready. camera one.
- Kelly. I've got
Professor Stevens
queued up on the third monitor.
- Excellent.
River. you're on in five. four.
go for theme song.
Go. River.
- Good morning. Milwaukee.
I'm River Tamland.
wishing you a very
Merry Christmas Eve.
Here's what's happening
in your neck of the woods.
(lighthearted music)
- Hey!
- Let me guess.
A Redeye. and one
chocolate croissant?
- Actually. no.
- What?
Your order is my one constant
in an unstable world.
- I'm just grabbing some
goodies for my crew.
Can I get a cranberry sage pie.
and a dozen of the
reindeer cookies?
- Christmas Eve plans?
- I do this Christmas Eve party
with my friends every year.
- That's so nice.
Oh. hey.
We just made these fresh.
Orange cranberry
white chocolate chip.
Do you want to try?
- Oh. thank you. but
I'm on a mission.
- How about you?
- I mean. how could I say no?
(chuckling)
- What can I get for you?
- It's my first time here.
Surprise me.
- Hey Case. I'll be
in the office in five.
Thanks.
- Ugh. that's to...
Wow.
There's no such thing
as a bad free cookie.
but that is a
really good cookie.
(laughing)
- Thank you.
- Hi. I'm alone. I'm from
Imperium National Bank.
We are sponsoring
the New Year's Plunge
on New Year's Day. and the
crowd of human popsicles
is gonna be in desperate
need of warm drinks.
(chuckling)
We would take care of
the booth. the signage.
there's guaranteed
to be a crowd.
It's like free marketing.
I mean. who doesn't
want that. right?
- Said the guy in marketing.
(chuckling)
- Got me.
- Um. yeah. let me see
if I can get the staff.
but that sounds like
a great opportunity.
- Yeah?
Great. good.
You won't regret it.
- Cinnamon latte?
- That sounds really good.
Take care.
- [Barista] Thanks so much.
- [Kelly] Okay. let's hear some
of those big segment ideas.
- Oh. how about a 25
foot tall snowman?
- Do we have any
footage of the snowman?
- Uh. it violates
several zoning laws.
and they're still trying
to get ahold of more snow.
- That's gonna be a pass.
- What about favorite
ways to tailgate
from this past football season?
- We can't definitely
state what toppings
make a real Wisconsin
brat. the fans will riot.
- That's true. I can see
the emails pouring in now.
- I could always do
reporter on the street
and ask them what their
New Year's resolution is.
- Feels very similar to
what we did last year.
But what if we did a
reoccurring segment.
Pick someone. and
then follow them
with their resolution
through the month of January.
- I like that.
It's got depth. visual appeal.
- Great.
Casey. why don't you start
interviewing candidates?
Put the word out on
the street. online.
you know. I want people
who are willing to jump in.
Real go-getters.
- You got it.
- Good one.
(lighthearted music)
- This year. we
posted record highs
in customer satisfaction.
By increasing our event budget.
we can do even better.
I can do this.
I'm telling you. this
is very achievable.
with a slightly larger budget.
- I'm intrigued.
But. I'm nervous your
team might already
be spread too thin.
The bank is already sponsoring
the New Year's Plunge.
the Blizzard Obstacle
Course. the chili cook offs.
It's a lot of events.
- For good reason.
Let's talk about
the magic of Santa.
- Now. responses
to our surveys show
that sponsoring Santa
at the holiday market
boosted good will towards
the bank substantially.
- In fact. every
single time we partner
with a local business or event.
surveys show that trust
in our bank increases.
and so. with our most ambitious
sales goals ever this year--
- If they're going
to invest in us.
we're gonna have to
invest in them too.
- It's good for them.
it's good for us.
- It's good for everyone.
(cheery Christmas music)
(chuckling)
- All right.
I look forward to
seeing what you can do
with an even bigger
budget next year.
(knocking)
- I can't believe
you pulled that off.
- We pulled this off.
Can I take you out to celebrate?
- Another time?
I need to finish
those vendor emails
so I can head over
to my mom's place.
- Momma Jones.
Tell her her favorite
son says hello.
- And you two love that joke.
(laughing)
- Hey. get outta
here. I'll do them.
Trust me. I'm much more
scared of Momma Jones
than vendor agreements.
(laughing)
- Oh. you're the best.
And you tell the whole family
I said Merry Christmas.
- Merry Christmas!
(phone ringing)
Hey. sis.
Whoa. Sheila. Sheila.
slow down. slow down.
Okay.
Right. okay. I'm gonna get some.
I'm gonna pick it up. yeah.
I'm gonna get it on
my way out of here.
it's literally gonna
take me two minutes.
Okay?
Yes. I will.
Okay.
I'll see you then. buh-bye.
(lighthearted Christmas music)
- [Kelly] Let's see...
- You really will do anything
for the best story. huh?
- The pre-tape still needs work.
but I didn't want to keep
the crew from their families.
- And you?
Your mom's not gonna fill
your stocking with coal
if you're late?
- She knows how
crazy things can get.
- I normally drive
out Christmas morning.
- Just tell me
you're not spending
Christmas Eve here. alone.
- No. no.
I do a Secret Santa
things with my friends.
I'm headed there after this.
- Look.
I know the beginning of
this year was tough. okay?
Ratings were down.
and the executives
came down hard on us.
- We rose to the occasion.
- Look at us now.
Number one in Milwaukee.
Now. I may be the face of this
operation. but you did that.
I know it.
You single handedly
transformed this show
into something will
real integrity.
And I know you sacrificed
a lot to do it.
- Thank you. I appreciate that.
- Good.
I'm hoping if I
butter you up enough
you'll get me that local Emmy.
Those gingerbread house stories.
more juicy. hard
hitting news. right?
- Now that ratings are up.
we're on the same page.
- Now get out of here and
have some fun. will you?
(lighthearted music)
- Merry Christmas.
- [River] Merry Christmas.
(lighthearted music)
- Hello?
Is anyone home?
Merry Christmas!
- Uncle Tommy. Uncle
Tommy. Uncle Tommy!
(laughing)
- Ah. Merry Christmas!
You girls excited for Santa?
- Mhm.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. you know
Santa only comes
once you're fast
asleep though. right?
- Okay. but come see what we put
on our wishlist for Santa.
- Girls. Uncle Tommy has
probably had a very long day.
and that's a really long list.
- Nope. I can do it.
- Yay!
(laughing)
- Okay.
- Okay. here we go.
(chuckling)
- Okay.
(phone ringing)
- Hey.
- Hi. Kelly.
Are you still coming?
- Sorry. I just have
to finish editing this
and set the rundown for
the 26th. and then--
- Oh. yeah. yeah.
We get it.
Do you have an ETA?
- I'll be there
as soon as I can.
- [Friend] Okay.
- Thanks. (chuckling)
Me too.
- You're right.
She's not coming.
(somber music)
- Want a cookie?
I won't tell Santa.
- Yes. two please.
It's been a long day.
- Or a long yeah
by the look of it.
I'm not confident
you sleep anymore.
- I'll sleep next year.
- You should make that
your New Year's resolution.
(chuckling)
- I don't do resolutions.
Besides. that's kind of a
lame one. don't you think?
- I have two kids.
Nothing about the promise
of sleep sounds lame to me.
(chuckling)
I really appreciate you
showing up here tonight.
You're a really great uncle.
- I'm an even better brother.
- You are a life saver.
Okay. so why don't
we start with those.
- Yep.
- And then we'll be done soon.
(knocking)
- Merry Christmas!
- Come on in.
(lighthearted Christmas music)
- I can't believe I missed
Lisa and Jackson again.
How upset were they?
- Well. you know. the
word straw. and camel.
and back were thrown
around quite a bit.
but not the word
break. more just like.
"Ooh. that's a lot of straws
on that camel's back."
- Oh. I know I've
missed a lot lately but.
missing our Christmas
Eve. it just feels--
- Yeah.
It kinda stung.
- Look. we know you
love us in your own
fierce. stubborn. Kelly way.
And we all learned
pretty early on
that Kelly's gonna do
what Kelly's gonna do.
And if you say no.
there is not an earthquake
powerful enough to move you.
(laughing)
- Am I really that stubborn?
- No.
(chuckles)
Look.
The power of your "no"
has kept our group
from making some pretty
catastrophic decisions
over the years.
I mean. you single
handedly saved Lisa
from that asymmetrical bob.
and I think we both know what
saved your show this year.
We get that had to be
your first priority.
- Yeah. but I should've
been able to do all of that
without making you all feel
like number two. or seven.
or 100.
(laughing)
So. how do I fix this?
- Well. you'll have
to show up more often.
And slowly. one event at a
time. things will get better.
And hey. New Year's
Eve is a week away.
Fresh start.
- Yeah.
- You are coming to
New Year's. right?
- I don't know.
It's late. loud music. and I
wouldn't miss it for the world.
- Good.
'Cause it might help to
apologize to them in person.
Like. really bring your A game.
(laughing)
- Of course.
Just. I'm gonna tell them...
You're the most important
people in the world to me.
And I know those are
just words right now.
but it's the new year.
and I promise that
I am going to strive
to be a much better friend.
- Good.
Because we have been taking
applications to replace you.
- Some strong contenders.
And one of them
has a lake house.
(laughs)
- Ow. ow.
(laughing)
- Thank you. for apologizing.
It means a lot.
- And you're right.
it's a new year.
we all get a fresh start.
- [Patrick] You
can't be serious.
- I don't know what else to say.
I don't believe in resolutions.
I find them restrictive.
- It doesn't hurt to have
just a little direction.
- You say direction.
I say blinders.
I like to be open
to possibilities.
(laughing)
I do!
I'd rather be
flexible and say yes
to whatever life throws at me.
- That sounds a little passive.
Yeah.
It's like you're letting
life make all the choices
instead of you.
- Okay. well. also. you
know that most resolutions
statistically end in failures.
I'm not trying to
start my new year
already feeling like I'm behind.
- Oh.
No. no. no.
See. our work schedule's
gonna take care of that.
(laughing)
- So. it's the New
Year's resolution.
what are you guys thinking?
- I'm going to cut back to
one cup of coffee a day.
- Uh. I'm sorry.
how is less coffee
gonna make the year better?
- I'm gonna finally
finish my novel.
- That mystery series
you were working on?
- It's actually a young
adult thriller now.
I switched it up
a few months ago.
- Oh. great.
What about you?
- I'm gonna do my new spin
class three days a week.
What about you?
- You know. I was
thinking I was gonna go
with my usual of--
- 52 books in 52 weeks?
- Yeah.
But...
I realized. I said no
to a lot last year.
and while that's
nothing new for me.
every time I said no. it
felt like I was saying no
to these small moments.
But I realized
that the big stuff
is made up of all
these small moments.
and I'm missing them.
And I miss you guys.
- Well. good news.
there's a pretty easy
one word solution for that.
- You're right.
I'm gonna say no
to no this year.
- This girl loves
the word no so much
that she'd rather
say a double negative
than just say yes.
- I'm serious. that's
gonna be my resolution.
I am saying yes.
- Like. to going out dancing
after the ball drops tonight?
- Yes.
- And maybe for karaoke after?
- And you'll do the New
Year's Plunge with me
tomorrow morning?
- No.
(laughing)
Absolutely not.
- No one actually
uses their resolution
for serious soul
searching. you know?
They usually fall
into one of a couple
predictable categories.
- Okay. fine.
What's my resolution?
- Probably to get more than
seven hours a sleep a night.
(laughing)
- That's...
Okay. yeah. no. you're right.
but you've known
me since college.
- It doesn't matter.
I'm in marketing.
It's literally my job
to be able to predict
what people are going to do.
- You're good. but
you're not that good.
So. prove it.
Try the table behind you.
- Okay.
It's gonna go down
like this. huh?
- I wish you guys were there.
it was a disaster.
The teleprompter broke.
I was sweating. it was.
oh. it was a nightmare.
- I am so sorry to interrupt.
My name is Tom. Happy New Year.
(laughs)
My friend and I over here.
we're having a
difference of opinion
over New Year's resolutions.
Could I try and guess
what your resolutions are?
- Oh. I love this game.
- They love this game.
Okay.
Raise your hand if
your resolutions
have anything to do with
giving something up.
preferably food related.
- I'm cutting back to
one cup of coffee a day.
or is accepted.
- That's specific.
and actionable.
- Still counts.
For the record. no
one's year is any better
with less coffee in it.
- True.
(laughing)
- Raise your hand if
your resolution is about
going to the gym.
- Ah.
- Raise your hand if
your resolution is about
finishing a creative project.
- Novel.
He's good.
- No.
No. no. no. sorry. no.
don't encourage him. okay?
I'm sorry for him.
- I'm so encouraged right now.
Excellent.
(chuckling)
So. that leaves you.
- You're never gonna guess it.
- Really?
Okay.
Meditating every day.
- I don't have time to meditate.
- Getting organized.
- I bet dessert I'm the
most organized person
in this restaurant.
- Finally kicking your
Candy Crush habit.
- I've never crushed a candy.
- Taking up kickboxing?
- The only thing I
kick is bad habits.
(whimsical music)
- I cave. what is it?
- I'm going to say yes to every
social invitation I receive.
- Oh!
Now that is interesting.
- Okay. I may have picked
the most interesting
person in the restaurant.
- Oh!
- Oh. wow.
- Zero offense. I'm sorry.
I meant to say. I think you're
the one brilliant exception
to my New Year's
resolution rule.
I'm so curious.
what inspired this?
- I boxed myself in a
little too much last year.
so I'm taking a chance on yes.
- I love that. yeah. yes!
Fall in love with
yes. no is the enemy.
- [Kelly] Hey!
No has been a very
trusty friend of mine.
- Why say no to something
when you could say
yes to something else?
You're not saying
no to going out.
you're saying yes to staying in.
- Well. it's just a
positive spin on things.
So. what's your resolution then?
- Don't believe in them.
- They do. in fact. exist.
- I like to stay open
to possibilities.
- Possibilities covers a
whole range of outcomes.
Some of which could be
a whole basket of yikes.
- How long are you doing
this resolution for?
- Maybe I'll do it until my
birthday on February 8th.
- A lot can happen in a month.
- Yeah.
(lighthearted music)
- Hey. we're going to this
awesome New Year's party.
There's gonna be music. and
dancing. and the countdown.
You want to come with us?
- That sounds really
fun. but I can't.
- You're really starting
this resolution off
on the wrong foot.
- Hey. and I still have 32
minutes to say no to anything.
Plus. I already said yes
to my friends tonight.
- Well. I can't say no to that.
Okay. good luck with
your resolution.
- Thank you.
And Happy New Year.
- You too.
- Hey. Tom.
How do you want to get there?
- [Tom] I'm thinking we walk.
- Just. one sec.
(loud commotion)
(humming)
(lighthearted music)
- Okay. everyone.
we are going to
write down our resolutions.
Fold your paper like this.
and then we are going to--
- Watch our wishes
go up in flames?
- No.
We are going to
set our intention.
and then watch it
drift up into the sky.
- Why are we doing this?
- We're letting it
go. and sending it up
in the hopes that we
get back what we need
to make it come true.
(lighthearted music)
- We missed you.
- I'll see you inside?
- Yeah. man.
- Okay. let's do this!
10. nine...
- Nine.
(phone ringing)
- Six. five--
- Hey. where are my girls?
- They passed out at 11.
Happy New Year though.
- Happy New Year.
- [All] Happy New Year!
(cheering)
- Cheers.
- Cheers. cheers. cheers.
(phone buzzing)
(lighthearted music)
- Kelly Ezekiel Leone.
- Uh. not my middle name.
- I would like to
officially invite you
to do the New Year's
Plunge with me tomorrow.
- Oh. you've gotta
be kidding me.
(laughing)
- [Lisa] I'm not.
- [AJ] Yeah. good one.
(lighthearted music)
- [Man] Happy New
Year. plungers!
Welcome to the
Milwaukee Polar Plunge.
presented by Imperium
National Bank.
Make sure you register
if you want to plunge.
- I can be convinced to have
the camera focused on not you.
if maybe a certain
story about the biggest
snowman in the world
can get an approval.
- Nice try.
- Eh. worth a shot.
Well. have fun with your plunge.
I've got the marketing guy
from the bank sponsorship
ready for an interview.
- Oh. wow.
Really?
Actually. since I'm here.
do you mind if I go
prep him real quick?
- You're the boss.
- Hey.
- Happy New Year.
- New Year's Plunge?
That's your first
yes to the New Year?
- However did you guess?
- Because no sane
person would decide
to dive into a
freezing cold lake.
- Says the guy who's
sponsoring the event.
- Oh. okay.
You did a little
research on me. huh?
- Actually. that is official
Wake Up Milwaukee business.
I'm the producer.
- Oh. you just came over
here to talk logistics.
- Just a little interview prep.
- Okay. all right.
So I'm not gonna find any other
fun little surprises
in my coat pockets?
- Up until last night. I had
given my phone number out
to approximately no one.
So I guess the words
I'm searching for are...
Your move.
- See. I've been
thinking about it.
I can't ask you out.
- Oh. but see. you can.
This is a rejection free
zone. of fear free dating.
- That's the thing though.
I don't want you to say yes
because of some resolution.
I want a real yes.
So I'm not gonna ask you out
until no is back on the table.
- So.
you
Mr.
Open-To-The-Possibilities-Live-I
is gonna let an
entire month go by?
- There's a pretty
simple alternative.
- Which is?
- You could always ask me out.
- Oh. oh. oh. oh.
See. that's. it's different.
- I mean. it's
the 21st century--
- It makes it way dicey.
- I didn't really take you as--
- We ready?
The plunge is gonna start soon.
- Actually. if you could
just give us one more second.
we're trying to sort--
- Actually. yup. great.
You guys have a great interview.
and I'm gonna go jump in
a subzero lake for fun.
Happy New Year. this
has been real. okay.
(lighthearted music)
(chuckling)
- I know it seems crazy.
but I think it's gonna be great.
- Some are born great.
some achieve greatness.
and some have greatness
thrust upon them.
Shakespeare?
Oh. it is cold.
- [Man] On your marks...
- I thought we were
committing to bathing suits.
- Oh. yeah.
Yeah.
- This was your idea!
- [Man] Get set. go!
- Mistakes.
(lighthearted music)
(screaming)
- Here. have some hot chocolate.
- Thank you.
I am so proud of you.
- Miss!
Miss. miss.
Tell us. how does it feel
to know that your year
can only get better from here?
- Ha. ha. ha. ha.
How'd the interview go?
- Great.
Yeah. he was awesome.
- Where did Tom go?
- Oh. he had to run. but
he told me to tell you
that you have his number
just in case you
need a followup.
- Okay.
Thanks. Casey.
- [Casey] Anytime.
- Let's go get warm.
(laughing)
- [Woman] Replay
it one more time.
(laughing)
- This is...
- What were you thinking?
- New Year's resolution.
- Again. what in the
world were you thinking?
- My resolution is to say yes
to every invitation I
receive for a month.
- Why?
That sounds awful.
- Well. I'm turning
30 next month.
and I realized I shut off
aspects of my personal life.
So. I am staying open.
I'm spending time with friends.
getting outside my comfort zone.
- It's a great story.
- A great story.
- Oh. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
I'm a behind the
camera kind of person.
- We could send her
to games. concerts.
that Blizzard 5K.
- The art exhibit. the circus.
Wait. isn't she
afraid of clowns?
- Perfect.
- No. no.
Clowns are fine.
Magicians on the other hand...
I mean. don't you have
better candidates than me?
- Listen. it would
be great for ratings.
showing vulnerability from
one of our own. right?
Come on.
Anything for the best story.
(lighthearted music)
- Anything for the show.
- [Casey] Yes!
(laughing)
- I have the perfect
first segment.
- Maybe you can set the
camera up over there?
Thanks.
Why can't somebody invite me
to lay in front of a fire
on a big rug and read?
- Okay. I've got everything
except for your phone.
and we'll meet you
at the finish line.
How you feelin'?
- I'm feeling like
I'm only gonna shoot
River's bad side for a week.
(laughing)
- It's not all that bad.
I saw the Imperium National
Bank signs floating around.
Maybe your cute bank
guy. Tom. will be here.
- Shh.
- Was that his name?
It was Tom--
- AJ.
- Was that his name?
Tom?
- Shh. shh. shh!
- Just ask him out already.
Take a chance.
- It's not a chance.
I know it will happen.
Well. cute banter for the
first couple of weeks.
we'll fall for each other.
I'll flake on him one
too many times for work.
and then he'll break
up with me over dinner
at a candlelit restaurant.
- Um. cool.
Kel.
- Or. I'll break up with him
with some big. noble speech
about bad timing.
and either way.
it won't work out.
and I'll end up
scraping the cream off
of Oreos by myself.
- Hey.
- Hey!
- Either I'm interrupting
something very serious.
or that was perhaps
the most depressing
romantic comedy pitch ever.
- Actually. we were
just discussing
self fulfilling prophecies.
Isn't that right?
- Yeah. that's right. mhm.
- Well. anyways. I'll let
you guys get to the race.
Good luck. see you
at the finish line.
- Mhm.
- [Tom] See ya.
- So. you're actually
running this thing.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Our bank thought it
would be good to have
someone from our team
out here. on the course.
Here I am.
Yeah. what's the worst
that could happen?
I get a little sore tomorrow?
- No. the worst that can
happen is that camera
captures the face
plant of a lifetime.
and you become an overnight
internet cautionary tale.
- You're a bit of a pessimist.
- I'm a realist.
And if I had known.
I could've prepared.
and changed around my
whole workout routine.
(chuckles)
- So. the winner of this race
gets a $50 gift certificate
to Hoagie Heaven.
I don't think it's that serious.
- Hey. it's no fun
if it's not serious.
- [Woman] Runners 27 and 34
to the start line. please.
- Plus. if I'm
gonna do something.
I'm gonna do it well.
(lighthearted music)
- Hm.
How bout this...
How about we just
race. the two of us.
And then. after I win.
you buy us coffee.
- After you win.
I bet you coffee?
- That's right.
- I think that sounds a
bit like a coffee date.
Did you ask me on a coffee date?
- Nope. just a bet.
that may happen to segue
into some friendly conversation.
- [Woman] Runners
on your mark...
- Okay.
Game on.
- [Woman] Get set...
- All right.
- And go!
Hey!
(laughing)
- No fair.
(chuckling)
(lighthearted music)
You need a hand?
- Nope.
- That was an invitation.
you can't say no.
- It's a trap.
(laughing)
- I'm gonna want a
medium latte. extra whip.
My coffee order.
- That's your order?
- So judgmental. what's yours?
- Redeye.
- Oh. of course it is.
(chuckling)
Oh!
Takes the lead!
- Race isn't over yet!
- I don't know.
(laughs)
You're pretty good at this.
(laughing)
- Okay. so. even though I
wasn't prepared for this.
it was actually really fun.
This is Kelly Leone
with Wake Up Milwaukee.
Thanks.
- For sure. thank you.
(laughing)
- You crushed it.
- We are so proud of you!
- Let's go celebrate. yeah?
Get you all the carbs.
- Yeah. thanks. I...
- Yeah. no. that's great.
Thank you. my friend.
- Come on.
(lighthear)
- What's this?
- Oh. some guy dropped
those off for you.
He left a note.
(lighthearted music)
- Hello!
- Lisa. what are you doing here?
- Oh. I'm just on
my way to work.
and thought I'd enjoy my one
cup of coffee a day with you.
- Oh.
You can never have
too much coffee.
- Plus. I have a little
invite to extend your way.
- Which is?
- I would like to
formally invite you.
Miss Kelly Emmanuele Leone--
- Not my middle name.
- To a speed dating
event with me.
- And I can't say no.
- Come on!
Consider it a favor to me.
You'll be there
for moral support.
and afterward I'll
buy you dinner?
- Today is shaping up to be
a huge exercise in humility.
- What do you mean?
- Welcome back. Milwaukee.
As many of you know. our very
our producer. Kelly Leone.
has made a resolution to
say yes to every invitation
that she receives.
Kelly. talk to us about why
you made this resolution?
- Well. I thought
it would be good
to step outside of my
comfort zone. River.
- And boy. will she today.
Kelly. what is
your greatest fear?
- That'd be magicians. River.
- Well. we are very excited
that Kelly has agreed
to assist Milwaukee's
own Eric the Magnificent.
(whimsical music)
(clapping)
Go on. Kelly.
(chuckling)
- Hey. man.
I got your text about tonight.
I will definitely be there.
- [Patrick] Oh. I knew you
wouldn't leave me hanging.
but that's not why I called.
- [Tom] Hey. what's up?
- I was going over our numbers
for the chili cook-off.
and I really think we need to
tell Glenn to increase our--
- No. no. no. no.
We can fix this
without going to Glenn.
- Yeah. but we're understaffed.
and we're over budget.
- There will be a more
creative solution.
We're small in numbers. but
we're big on enthusiasm.
- Yeah. well not
everyone. sorry.
anyone matches your enthusiasm.
And we're gonna need
more than just that
with this much on the line.
- I don't know about that.
People can really surprise
you if given the chance.
- [River] Ladies and gentlemen.
Kelly is now levitating.
- [Patrick] All
right. all right.
Take another look
when you come in.
- Yeah man. bye.
- [River] Kelly Leone. everyone.
Starting the new year off
with a touch of magic.
(lighthearted music)
(heavy breathing)
- Okay. that wasn't my thing.
but it was awesome to
see you do your thing.
Thoroughly entertaining.
- Almost as entertaining
as watching someone. say.
levitate on a table?
- Oh. no. you saw that.
- Oh. I recorded it.
I will be printing a banner
for your birthday
party next month.
- I'm not having a party.
- Ah. but see. I just
invited you to it. so...
- Ah. I see.
I see what you did there.
(chuckling)
Fine.
But please. no magicians.
This resolution is
quickly turning into
Live with Kelly and
her worst fears.
- I don't think that's
such a bad thing.
And you have been
playing it pretty safe
these last few years because
maybe you are just the
tiniest bit afraid of failure?
- Well. who isn't?
Being bad at something
feels exactly how it sounds.
- Okay.
Real talk?
I have seen you turn down some
pretty exciting opportunities
because you weren't so
sure you could pull it off.
- Just that wisdom.
having a firm enough
grip on your comfort zone
to not plummet into failure.
- Yeah. it's just. maybe
all that holding on so tight
might make you more sore
than a quick brush with
the ground ever would.
(lighthearted music)
(catchy music)
- You've gotta be kidding me.
- Hm?
- Oh...
- What are you doing?
- Avoiding Tom.
- [Lisa] I can see that.
Why?
- Because I'm here
to support you.
What kind of friend
would I be if I--
- Great!
You hop on over there.
ask Tom out real quick.
and then you can
focus all your energy
on helping me get a date.
- [Kelly] How does
one even speed date?
- It is just like
producing. okay?
You're gonna hear
a couple pitches.
and all you gotta
do is trust your gut
and say yes or no.
You'll be amazing. have fun.
(chuckling)
Bye.
(lighthearted music)
(bell dings)
- It was great talking to you.
- Hi.
- Patrick.
(chuckling)
So. you work for
Imperium National Bank?
- Yep. with Tom.
He's a great guy. that Tom.
- Did you grow up in Wisconsin/
- No. I moved here for college.
That's where I met Tom.
Did you know that Tom is
actually the president
of our student--
- So. is this how
this is gonna go?
- For the next two
minutes and 30 seconds?
Yeah.
So. back to Tom.
- So. you've known
Kelly since childhood?
- Yeah. listen.
I need you to know that if I
was vetting you for myself.
these next few minutes
would be far less painful.
(chuckling)
What's your biggest fear?
Abandonment. and
gas station sushi.
- Dinner with one
person. living or dead?
- My nana. or Aaron Rodgers.
- Go Pack.
Sir.
Please describe to me the ending
of your last serious
relationship.
- Define serious.
- Not a good answer. Tommy.
- Hey!
Only my sister Sheila
gets to call me Tommy.
(lighthearted music)
(bell dings)
- Oh. well. lovely.
(lighthearted music)
- Hi there. Kelly.
- Hey.
- Fancy meeting you here.
I'm gonna be honest with you.
my pride is a
little bit bruised.
Here you are at a
speed dating event
when I so very delicately
placed the ball in your court.
- In fairness. you're also here.
at a speed dating event.
- I'm here for
moral support only.
- Oh. so am I.
By the way. Patrick.
clearly a master of the pitch.
- Oh. good. so he
was convincing?
- Yes.
Yes.
- Oh. okay.
Spoiler alert. this
is a sure thing.
there is no world
in which I say no.
- Do you want to
grab dinner sometime?
(bell dings)
- Oh!
That's my cue.
I should--
- Wait. wait. wait.
Sorry. could you go around?
- Sorry. Peter.
How about Tuesday?
- I'm trying out curling.
- Wait. really?
- Don't laugh.
Wednesday?
- Nope. sponsoring an event.
How about Thursday?
- AJ invited me to go dancing.
unless you want to...
- No. we have like
five more dates
until I introduce you
to my other left foot.
I'd say Friday. but--
- I can't either. I'm going to
the hockey game with my friends.
- Wait. really?
Me too.
It's for the bank.
Hey. we have a VIP box.
You're welcome to--
- Oh. no. we couldn't possibly--
- Yes. we could.
We'd love to.
- Okay.
It's a date.
(chuckling)
(bell dings)
See you Friday.
- See you Friday.
Bye.
- Tom.
Mhm.
arted music)
- [Announcer] Brings it
into the zone. drop pass.
is he gonna take the shot?
No!
Goes back to the net. and
he loses it behind the net.
Coming back the other way.
- Oh.
Maybe you could
set up over there?
Can I confess something?
- Sure. of course.
- Um. I'm not
really a hockey fan.
- Oh...
Well. that is...
Me neither.
- Seriously?
- No.
Three brothers played. I
just never caught the bug.
- Three brothers?
- Mhm.
Three brothers.
and a big sister.
What about you?
- I'm an only child.
- Huh.
- What?
- Definitely explains your
propensity for saying no.
In a house with
four other siblings.
you could scream no at
the top of your lungs.
you're still outvoted.
- So you had to go
along to get along?
- Oh. absolutely.
You gotta make
alliances. and then.
well then you have
a partner to blame
when they knock over
your grandma's lamp.
- Mhm.
Yeah. there was no one
to point the finger at
in my house.
- See. I feel like only
child life is awesome.
You have absolute
control of the TV.
you never have to
share your toys.
- And no one to share
the pressure either.
It's life lived
under a microscope.
(lighthearted music)
You know what the best
thing about stadiums is?
- The intoxicating
of groupthink.
- I was gonna go with
cheese fries. but...
- But there's a whole
table here of catered food.
You want to go get cheese fries?
- Yeah.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
- Thanks a bunch.
- Mm.
- No. I actually don't
like cheese fries.
- I have so many questions.
(laughing)
Starting with why would somebody
agree to split something
that they knowingly dislike?
- I just came for the company.
I was being nice.
- There's nice. and then
there's deferential.
(chuckling)
- Why do I feel like that's
the nice way of saying it?
- I'm just saying. you
don't have to worry about
sharing your opinions around me.
- I think fake cheese
isn't real food.
and I find it disgusting.
- Well. I think
you're wrong. but.
I appreciate your honesty.
So. Monday. I'm going to the
Chinese New Year's celebration.
There'll be music. and
some cool installations.
The show's sending me for
my resolution segment.
And. you know. maybe
I thought it could be
a good opportunity
for the bank--
- Are you asking me
out on a business date?
- No.
I'm asking you on a date.
and really trying
to sweeten the pot
so you'll say yes.
- Yes.
I'm there. I can't wait.
- Great.
(lighthearted music)
- Now. Kelly.
This week you were
invited to try curling
for the first time.
What were your more
surprising takeaways?
- This resolution
has really shown me
that my life can benefit
from having some
adventure thrown in.
- Let's see how she did.
- Hi. Kelly Leone. and I'm here
at Milwaukee's own
local curling club.
about to be swept off my feet.
Here's where my adventure
took an interesting turn.
But in my defense. the
ice is very slippery.
I wasn't much for
throwing stones.
but they did say I had
a knack for sweeping.
- - [Man] And we're
in commercial. back
in three minutes.
- Can I talk to
you for a minute?
- Yeah. what's up?
- So. I've interviewed
at least 20 people
who say that accounts were
opened under their name
at Imperium National Bank
without their permission.
- Is anyone willing
to go on the record?
- Not yet.
But the more that
people come forward.
the more likely that they will.
- Keep digging.
And if you can get some intel
from someone inside
Imperium. all the better.
- You got it.
- Now that seems like
hard hitting news.
Don't you know someone at
Imperium National Bank?
Sorry. I misspoke.
Aren't you dating someone
at Imperium National Bank?
- If we were gonna
go after Imperium.
our story would have
to be bulletproof.
Our integrity...
If I asked Tom to
get involved. I mean.
the fact that I'm
even dating Tom is--
- You know what?
Maybe you're right.
It's early in the story.
maybe it's nothing.
- No. 20 people isn't nothing.
- Maybe just cross that
bridge when you come to it.
Okay?
(dramatic music)
- Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Everyone owes Lisa $100
for a wedding gift.
- Love the rules. pay up.
Mhm!
Yup. thank you.
- Oh!
Got two sets of twins. but sure.
I'll go back to night school.
- For a game called "Life".
you're afforded
very few choices.
It's a pretty bleak outlook.
- In all fairness. I did
offer you other options.
- At what point does
a love of boardgames
tip into obsession?
(laughing)
- Two. three. four. five.
Move to a new city.
Okay. there was like a look.
- A look?
No. no look.
Lisa. I think it's your spin.
- Right.
(clears throat)
- Okay. no. no. what's going on?
There's like a
look going on here.
- It's just. like. a year ago
you were applying for
jobs in another city.
and you were so
excited about it.
- Yeah. but I was worried
about losing my job.
I mean. who would
I be if I bailed
when the going got tough?
- That's right.
And when the going gets
tough. the tough get going.
- Exactly.
- To Chicago.
- No.
What. you spend one
year as a flaky friend
and all of a sudden
they're trying
to ship you out of the state?
- Don't be dramatic.
it's a two hour drive.
- 90 minutes by train.
- And there's a Six Flags
like right in the middle.
- We did our research.
- Look. as long as
we've known you.
your goal has been the same.
- [All] Emmy Award
winning news producer.
- But dreams change. okay?
- You started producing
home movies. what.
when we were in middle school?
Made me wear that terrible wig.
and pretend to be Diane Sawyer.
You were born for this.
- Come on.
You spent a couple weeks
now living in the yes.
doesn't that make the
unknown feel a little more...
- You're right. I have
done things this month
that I never would
have imagined I'd do.
- And you did it all without
falling on your face.
- All right. all right.
Truth is. a year ago. I
was terrified of failure.
But maybe now it's a good time
to be open to possibilities.
(lighthearted music)
- And the response we're getting
for this New Year's segment
is through the roof.
You guys really knocked it
out of the park on this one.
- All the credit goes to Kelly.
- It's a team
effort. and clearly.
I wouldn't have
done it without you.
- Now let's talk about this
story Casey's working on
about Imperium National
Bank. where do we stand?
- We've got 20 people
who've come forward
stating that the
bank has opened up
credit card and bank
accounts under their names
without their permission.
- We think it has to
do with incentives
for the sales team.
- Is anyone on the record?
- Three.
But Casey is working on more.
- This is intriguing.
but it's not there yet.
- This is a great story.
We've got people on
record stating that--
- Claiming that.
It's difficult to prove.
We need something concrete.
otherwise it's just their word
against the word
of a national bank.
- But if they're
telling the truth.
the proof is out there.
We'll need a whistleblower
on the inside.
Find either one of those
things. we'll run it.
(dramatic music)
- A whistleblower.
- I can't ask him to do that.
- You must really like this guy.
- Why would you say that?
- Because a year ago. this
would've been a no brainer.
(dramatic music)
- Hey. do you have a second?
- Hey. yeah.
What's going on?
- I was just hoping
we could meet up.
- [Tom] No meat!
- Or we don't have to.
- No. no. I'm sorry.
I'm not talking to you.
Leo. that's the
vegetarian section.
I'm at the chili
cook-off right now.
you're welcome to
come if you want.
Like how I didn't make
that an invitation?
- You sound pretty swamped.
- Hey. that's actually
the kid's section
right over there.
Thanks.
Please come. I'd
love to see you.
- Okay.
(lighthearted music)
- [Patrick] Hey.
- Hey.
- Okay. restaurants
are all set up.
but the registration for
amateur entrance is a mess.
The forms apparently
didn't print properly--
- No problem. I'm
on it. just stall.
- Stall. right.
- Just stall.
Hey!
I'm so glad to see you.
- Oh.
(laughing)
How are you doing?
This looks--
- Yeah. it's gonna be great.
It's just...
Hey guys. the extra bales of hay
go out in the game tent.
Thank you.
What did you want
to talk to me about?
- Oh. you know. we can--
- Tickets!
We have nobody on tickets.
- What do you mean.
where's Laura?
- I had to move her
to the kid's station.
- Then why--
- I could do it.
- No. no. no. you don't have to.
No. let's just put Laura--
- Do you need the help?
Be honest.
- I would write songs
of your heroism.
- Great. I'm on it.
Tickets.
- Thank you. this way.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
(lighthearted music)
- Oh. show me the cornbread.
All right. should be good now.
- Here you go.
There you go. enjoy yourself.
- Hey there.
- Hey. (laughs)
- There you go.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
What happened in there?
- Well. we've been running a
lot of events back to back.
I think I was a little
long on promises.
and a little short
on help on this one.
Turns out there may be
a limit to the whole
I can do it all philosophy.
What did you want
to talk to me about?
(clears throat)
- So. my reporter dug up some
pretty powerful allegations
about Imperium National Bank.
claiming that they
were opening accounts
in customer's names
without their permission.
We have at least 20
people claiming that.
- Hm.
- So...
Do you have a response?
- Oh. no. I mean. if
it's true. it's awful.
- If it's true.
- Well. it's not sure. right?
And 20 people. serious.
but I have a bunch of
marketing analytics
that show thousands
of happy customers.
- If it's true. it's only 20
people that we know about.
- I know this company.
I know the people
I work with here.
I just find it really
hard to believe
that they would do
something like that.
- When the story breaks.
you and I can't be together.
It would be an
ethical nightmare.
It would put your job at risk.
my job could be at risk.
I think the most sensible thing
would be for us to both
go our separate ways
before we both get hurt.
- The thing is. I'm not
a very sensible guy.
You've laid out a
very compelling case
for all the things
that could go wrong.
but you know what?
I'm just not okay throwing
out all that's good here
based on something
that might happen.
That might happen.
This whole story
might fall through.
- It's just a matter of time
before we uncover and run it.
- Apart?
Our only option is apart?
What if we stay together.
we cross that bridge
when we come to it?
Who knows what solutions we
might find along the way?
Okay. if this all blows up.
I'm gonna keep the receipts
from this conversation.
and I promise you I
am going to shoulder
100% of the blame.
- Okay.
If we're going to cross that
bridge when we come to it.
we're gonna have to angle
down that road pretty slowly.
- Agreed.
- I'm not the one who jumps
head first into things.
- Oh. I hear you. I'm with you.
We'll go slow until
we're in the clear.
- Okay.
I'm uncalling it. but
with a firm speed limit
of 35 miles an hour.
- That sounds fair.
- Yeah.
- To be clear. would
kissing you right now
be like. 35 miles an hour.
or would that be like
65 miles an hour?
(lighthearted music)
- Goodnight. Tom.
- For Wake Up Milwaukee.
I'm Kelly Leone.
(speaking in foreign language)
Great. I think we got it.
You can head off.
thank you so much.
- Hey there.
(speaking in foreign language)
- It's Happy New
Year in Mandarin.
- Mm!
- You ready for this?
- Not nearly as ready
as you are. clearly.
however. I'm equally as excited.
Are you doing a segment?
- We just wrapped up.
I thought it might be good
to set some
professional boundaries.
- Or you don't want to
share the limelight with me.
It's okay. I get it.
you're a big star.
I don't want to
steal your thunder.
- Please. I cannot wait for
this segment to be over.
- What?
You're so good at it!
- You're sweet.
- Stop it!
That would fall
into sugar coating.
which is very
strictly forbidden.
Yes. I am biased. and so I think
you're amazing on camera.
It's got me wondering what
you're doing behind it.
- I figured out pretty early on
I'm more of a behind the scenes.
magically make things happen.
and then swoop away
unseen kind of person.
The trusty Sancho to our
anchor's Don Quixote.
- Ah. I don't see you like that.
as the trusty sidekick.
In the few short
weeks I've known you.
you've always stood
out as the star.
- Well. you're meeting
me at a weird time.
- Maybe. or maybe you should
just admit to yourself
that a teeny-tiny part of you
does like being in
front of the camera.
- Uh. in front of camera. no.
In front of an audience. um--
- What?
- Nothing.
- Whoa. wait.
Tell me.
- I used to do all
these storytelling
open mics in college.
You know. where
they give a theme.
and then you have
to tell a story.
and it's under five minutes.
- Sure. I know.
I'm talking to Story Slam
about sponsoring an event
in late February.
- They're the ones
with the podcast.
I love them.
- You should do it.
- Oh. I don't know.
- I'm inviting you to perform.
Part of your resolution.
- It'll be over by then.
My birthday's February 8th.
- Oh. right!
Is it a big one?
- 30. actually.
My friends are throwing
me a birthday party
that Saturday if you want to--
- Love to.
- Great.
There's a market. we
could grab some food
and walk around?
- Absolutely.
(traditional Chinese music)
- I swear. that was my first
and only speed dating event.
It just wasn't my--
- Speed?
(laughing)
They're the most
awkward things ever.
- In case you haven't noticed.
small talk is not my forte.
- You're in good company.
my conversation falls
on the deep end.
But now. I kind of want
to hear your small talk.
- What's the most
embarrassing thing
that's ever happened to you?
- That's like Mt. Everest talk.
(laughing)
- Okay. okay.
You go.
- Okay.
What's your favorite
childhood book?
- "Velveteen Rabbit".
- Never read it.
- What?
It's a classic!
- Yeah. I was always a "Where
the Wild Things Are" fan.
- Hm.
What did you want to
be when you grew up?
- Batman.
- Hm.
- No. I didn't know
what I wanted to be.
but I knew I wanted
to live in Chicago.
- Really?
- Mhm.
- So did I.
Why didn't you do it?
- Ooh. that story
is not smalltalk.
We're gonna table that
talk until date four.
- Oh.
So. there's a date four?
(laughing)
- Okay. next question.
Where do you see
yourself in five years?
- Ooh.
I'm an Emmy winning
news producer
in a big city like Chicago.
- Yes.
I feel like that's
a matter of time.
- Eh. it's a matter
of timing. and luck.
and maybe a unicorn or two.
(chuckling)
- I think it's just a
matter of you saying yes.
- What about you?
- Is it a full moon?
- Tom! (laughing)
- Is that a full moon?
Probably at Imperium
National Bank.
I love the job.
So. when I got out of college.
I didn't know what
I wanted to do.
and they took a mouth
on this loudmouthed.
opinionated. desperate
to please 22 year old.
and they mentored me.
and they gave me an opportunity
to build something
in my department.
Not only that. they're
this massive institution.
and so I feel like
there's lots of--
- Possibilities?
- Yeah.
I know it sounds lame to--
- No.
It doesn't sound lame.
It sounds brave.
(lighthearted music)
- Never really thought
of it that way.
(chuckling)
- Wow. we are really
bad at smalltalk.
(laughing)
I get why you'd would
want to be loyal.
but I just can't get those
stories out of my head.
- Well. I'm not
saying I don't believe
the stories are real.
I'm just saying. I find
it very hard to believe
that the company I
know would do that.
- It makes sense.
- Hey. I wanna talk about when
I'm gonna see you again.
- I'm free Saturday.
- All right.
I have my niece's birthday
party in the morning.
and then I have this big
gala thing in the evening?
- Well then. what
about next week?
- Mm...
I don't want a wait
a week to see you.
How about I could swing
by and scoop you up
on the way back from
my sister's house?
- Has anyone ever told you
you might have a slight
problem with over-committing?
- Only every day of my life.
(chuckling)
Come on.
- I don't want to pile on to
your already crazy day with--
- You're not.
You are worth making time for.
I'm asking. which means
you have to say yes.
and I don't feel about
that one little bit.
because I know you'd only
be saying no for my sake.
Right?
- Yes.
Saturday.
- Yes!
(lighthearted music)
- Goodnight. Tom.
(laughing)
- Goodnight.
- Whew!
to last year.
(phone ringing)
Hey!
I was just working
on my Story Slam.
- So. I am going to try and
word this very carefully
so it is not an invitation.
Freedom of choice is
very important here.
- Okay?
- I was thinking it
could be a fun adventure
if. maybe you wanted
to come with me today.
- To your niece's
birthday. or the gala?
- Both!
- Oh...
- Look. I realize it's
an insane proposition
for a third date. usually
to try to spread out
like a big work event with
meeting the family over months.
- Or. you know. years.
- You know what?
This is. you don't
have to do it.
Now that I hear
it out loud. it--
- What do I wear?
- Comfy for family.
evening gown for the gala?
Sorry. I realize
most third dates
don't usually come
with a costume change.
- Okay. I've gotta
figure out what to wear.
I'll see you in 30.
(lighthearted music)
- It's not too late to back out.
We can still hop back in the car
and hightail it across
the border to Canada.
- Uncle Tommy!
- Hey!
Oh. thank you. my loves.
- You must be Kelly.
- Hi!
Thank you for letting me crash.
- Come on in. I'll
introduce you to everyone.
- Yeah. let's go
inside. it's freezing.
When. last night?
- So much fun.
Everybody. this is Kelly.
she is a friend of Tommy's.
so make her feel welcome.
- Hi. Kelly!
(laughing)
- Okay. Kelly. this is
our birthday girl Angie.
and this is Emmie.
and girls. this is
my new friend. Kelly.
So. she has a super cool job.
She actually is in
charge of a TV show.
- Whoa. really?
- Kelly?
Would you mind giving
me a hand with the cake?
- Yeah. sure thing.
- Okay. show me
what you got so far.
- So. meeting the
family on date three.
This is really throwing
you into the lion's den.
- Normally that
would be a hard pass.
but this family came
pretty highly reviewed.
- Aw.
- And he's pretty great.
- Yeah. we'll keep him.
You know. Tommy's
always running around
and thinking about
everyone else.
- That sounds about right.
- Takes really good care of us.
But he doesn't always
show us him. you know?
What's really going
on in his life.
So. for him to bring you here.
he must really like you.
(lighthearted music)
Happy Birthday to you
- I know you've been
running around all January.
and so I thought a little
R&R might be in order.
(lighthearted music)
I'm going out on a limb here.
but I thought we might
find the perfect hybrid
between relaxing and
competitive vibes.
- It's perfect.
It's really perfect.
- Okay.
Come on in.
You pick out a game.
and I'm gonna go grab
us a hot chocolate and--
- Make it two.
- You got it.
(lighthearted music)
(laughing)
Oh. all the board games.
and she chose checkers.
- Checkers is the perfect game.
Lower bar to entry that chess.
but it lets you know
who your opponent is.
- And when I picked
a board game bar--
- You had no idea
what you unleashed.
- In the spirit of relaxation.
I'm gonna say a total
ban on all work talk.
- Agree.
All right. I have a question.
- Why didn't you
move to Chicago?
Wasn't that your
childhood dream?
- I'm so sorry. we table
that topic until date four.
- Hm. yeah.
But then I meet
your entire family.
which would've been date three.
and I'd say now we're
solidly on date four.
- That's what I get for
full steam ahead. huh?
I was kinda hoping you'd
forget that little detail.
- Eh. that's what you get
for dating a news producer.
- I don't know.
I guess. I always liked
the idea of Chicago.
but the reality of leaving
my family seemed hard.
- Your family seems
really supportive.
- They are. and
they are. it's just.
Sheila's raising
two kids by herself.
she basically helped raise me.
And it's not like I'm
saying that she's all alone
in this big family.
but I don't know.
I just feel better
knowing that I'm there.
And besides. I can't
just move to Chicago
because I feel like it.
I need to know that there's
a reason. or a job--
- Or a plan. Mr. Possibilities?
- Not a plan. per se.
I just need to know
that I'm moving towards
a goal. you know?
That there's something
specific there that I want.
- Look. I think our
reactions to chaos
are very opposite.
I tend to slow
down and pull back.
and you keep on moving.
But I think the struggle. the
fear to name what we want.
I think that's the same.
I really do.
- But hey. you actually
made a resolution.
You got out there.
you went curling.
you went speed dating.
You carpe'd the cheese fries.
(laughing)
So. now that we're almost
at the end of the month.
what do you want?
(exhales)
- You know. when I
made the resolution.
it was pretty clear.
But. a lot can
happen in a month.
- What sage said that?
That's like. really wise.
(laughing)
- Uh. we have to
leave in 15 minutes.
- Are you producing our date?
- Maybe.
(laughing)
(lighthearted music)
- How are you doing in there?
Car's gonna be here
in two minutes.
- [Kelly] Hey. if
I'm going undercover.
I need to look the part.
I'm kidding. Tom.
But. while we're on the subject.
one of our sources
brought in some paperwork.
and it looks like
the salespeople
are opening accounts
under the customer's name.
and sending statements
to their own
personal addresses to cover it.
- Okay.
So you feel like that's
the most likely scenario?
- [Kelly] It's not my job to
assume the best in people.
- I feel really weird
talking to you about this
without being able
to read your face.
Can we open the--
- [Kelly] Not ready yet!
- Okay.
So. what's holding you back
from just running the story?
- [Kelly] It'd be
better if we could get
a confirmation from the inside.
- I can just take some of the
sales team out for drinks.
I do that all the time.
- [Kelly] Okay.
If this is gonna work.
you cannot say
anything to anyone.
- Yeah. I can do that.
It's actually kind of exciting.
I feel like I'm an
undercover reporter.
- [Kelly] Seriously. Tom.
The only way this
works is if you and I
are on the same page.
We have to trust each other.
You'd have to come to me first.
- Yeah. I get that.
- [Kelly] I feel really anxious.
I haven't dressed up this
fancy in a long time.
- I'm sure you look...
(lighthearted music)
- Please finish that sentence.
- Breathtaking.
- Thanks.
(loud commotion)
(band music)
(clapping)
(phone buzzing)
- The obstacle course was
a bit more of a challenge
than I thought. but once
I got the hang of it--
- Would you like to dance?
(laughing)
- How could I say no?
There's too much
Beautiful novelty
Too much
- Thank you for being
open to adventure today.
- If I'm honest. out of
all of the New Year's
adventures I've had. today
was probably the wildest.
- Really?
So. your Saturday's
don't typically involve
four course meals
and formal wear?
- It's more of a Tuesday thing.
(romantic music)
I am falling
- What's wrong?
- Just...
Everywhere I look. I just
keep seeing reminders
of the thing that
might come between us.
It's hard to stay in the bubble.
- I think it's all a matter
of what you focus on.
So. you could let your
eyes drift to the sharp.
yet sophisticated Imperium
National Bank logo--
- Did you design it?
- I did. yeah.
Naturally.
You could focus on the
delicious food. the flowers.
this amazing band who is playing
this incredibly romantic song.
- The charming dance partner?
- Who can't take
his eyes off you.
Curiosity
I can't
- What else should I focus on?
- Cozy bars filled with
boardgames and books.
paper lanterns. cruising
in the slow lane.
Winning bets.
Texts at midnight.
Napkins in pockets.
And I am falling for you
No one can satisfy me
- And that. that's a good
thing to focus on too.
Like you
- To Imperium National Bank.
Cool. thank you guys for
letting me pick your brains.
- Hey. as long as the
appetizers are on you.
we'll tell you
whatever you want.
(chuckling)
- Honestly. the
biggest problem is
that these customers don't
know what's good for them.
Sometimes you just have to--
- Paul.
He's just stressed
because these quotas
have been really
hard to meet lately.
- Yeah. it seems like sales
goals have been pretty high.
so I'm hoping that
with the right events.
we can bring in more people.
- It's not the number of people.
it's the amount of product.
- I don't understand.
- So. each account.
each credit card.
it's a different product.
- Mhm.
- So you could have 10
customers with an account each.
or you could have one customer
with two checking accounts.
a savings account. a CD.
a couple credit cards?
- Okay. so you're saying that
it's about finding
the right customers.
It's quality over quantity.
- Right.
We want to be the one
stop shop for everything.
- You know. plus it doesn't hurt
that we get a fee on
every account we open.
- Right. that's...
Paul. what did you
mean when you said
that the customer doesn't
know what's good for them?
(mysterious music)
- This is bad. this is--
- Fraud.
- Yeah.
- I really didn't
think it was true.
- So. what did Glenn say?
- I haven't told him yet.
- But you are gonna
tell him. right?
- Kelly made me promise that
I would come to her first.
- If you go to her first.
she's gonna blow
this thing right up.
- I promised her I
would go to her first.
If I break this promise.
then this is over.
- Come on.
You love what you do.
and you're great at it.
and you do a lot of
good for the community.
If you don't go to Glenn first.
all of that goes away.
I'm just looking out for you.
- But this isn't
about me anymore.
this is 20 people
that we know of.
It could be hundreds.
it could be thousands.
- Or it could not.
It could be three bad eggs.
What if you go to Glenn.
and there's a way
to make this right
without damaging the
company's reputation?
- She still trusted
me with her story.
- And she'll still have a story.
Only this one's gonna be about
the employees that went rogue.
and the company that
did the right thing
for its customers.
I mean. everyone wins.
everyone's happy.
Right?
(lighthearted music)
(catchy band music)
- Hey.
- You made it. yay!
- Wouldn't miss it.
(laughing)
To be honest. I was
a little surprised
about the Gatsby theme.
- Oh. this is vintage Kelly.
Back in college. getting
her to go out with us
was like pulling teeth.
but a theme party?
You couldn't keep her home.
- Huh.
And Gatsby?
- What can I say?
The key to the girl's heart
is books and boardgames.
- You made it!
- Hey!
Yeah. of course. I
wouldn't miss it.
You look. wow.
This is for you.
- Oh.
You didn't have to.
- Of course I did.
Okay. so. they worked with
the original artist's grandson
to restore the illustrations.
and then this is a brand new.
never before seen cover.
- It's perfect.
- Yeah?
- I love it. thank you.
- You knocked it out
the park. my guy.
Well done.
- Oh. thanks.
(chuckling)
- Okay. I would love
to make a toast.
- [Lisa] Oh!
- To Kelly. on your 30th.
marking the end of the
perfect grand experiment
to end your 20s.
You are an inspiration
to your whole community.
the best friend
we could ask for.
and braver than you even know.
To an amazing year to come.
- No.
To an amazing decade.
(laughing)
- Cheers!
- Cheers. cheers.
- So. resolution's over.
How do you feel?
- I was within and
without simultaneously.
enchanted and repelled.
by the inexhaustible
variety of life.
Okay.
Did nobody here read "The
Great Gatsby" in high school?
- Yeah.
- Read what?
- Yeah. absolutely.
(laughing)
- I love you guys.
Come on. let's go dance.
- Wait. Kel. I--
- You heard the birthday
girl. let's move.
(catchy band music)
- Word to the wise.
Kelly won't let anyone avoid
the dance floor for long.
You ready?
- You go ahead. I'm not feeling
the whole dance floor
thing right now.
- I have a feeling
the birthday girl's
not gonna take
that for an answer.
It's kinda nice though.
I've never seen her
this happy before.
(chuckling)
- You're right. it's a
celebration. come on.
- Let's go!
(catchy music)
(lighthearted music)
- Thanks for the coffee.
- Yeah.
- Birthday surprises
just keep on coming.
- Yeah. I'm the gift
that keeps on giving.
- Welcome.
- Hey. look. yesterday
at work before the party.
I wanted to talk to you.
- Sorry. it's
Casey. my reporter.
I'll just be a second.
- Actually. wait. Kelly.
- Hey. Case. what's up?
Wait. wait. wait.
slow down. slow down.
What do you mean they
closed all the accounts?
Well. we have the record.
so I'm not worried.
If anything. it makes them look
a lot worse than we thought.
Okay.
Well. figure it out.
and call me back.
Uh. so Imperium National Bank
closed all the
accounts in question.
- They closed them.
What do you mean
they closed them?
Did they reach out to
the customers first?
- I'm gonna give you the
benefit of the doubt here
and ask if you think the
timing is suspicious?
- No. hey. I took the
sales team out for drinks.
and after they spilled.
I thought there might
be a way to try and--
- I'm supposed to
protect my sources.
- Yeah.
- To advocate to these
people by getting the story.
You giving the bank a head's up
so they can sweep
it under the rug...
- No. that's not
what happened here.
I went to them to try to fix it.
I asked them to fix it.
- They were never gonna fix it.
- They might!
The people I know there.
I trusted them to
do the right thing.
- I should've trusted my gut.
- I knew that there was one way
that this was gonna end
if I came straight to you.
At least this way.
there's a chance
that everyone can have a--
- Happy ending?
I like that you always try to
find the good in everything.
I really do.
But that fantasy
is preventing you
from standing up
for what's right.
And what's worse. is
you tried to fix it
without even coming to me.
You got me out. and
tried to swoop in
with some knight in
shining armor routine.
You can't even be
honest with me?
I'm sorry. but I can't do this.
(melancholic music)
- Tom.
- Hey. Glenn.
- I want to thank you.
for your discretion
regarding that news story.
You're a real team player.
- Thank you. sir.
- You spared us a PR nightmare.
This kind of foresight is
exactly what we'd expect
out of a director.
Something to think about
for the spring reviews.
We like to reward
that kind of loyalty.
- Absolutely.
Thank you. sir.
Hey. Glenn.
Out of curiosity.
what happens next?
- Well. Paul and Al will
do some seminars with HR.
and our communications team
is drafting a statement.
so that should
nip it in the bud.
- Most of those names
that I gave though.
they weren't Paul
and Al's clients.
and those were just the
ones that we knew about.
So. I mean. shouldn't
there be some kind of
investigation or--
- Tom. you're a good guy.
You've done great work for us.
you've proven your loyalty.
and you're on track
for a big promotion.
I'd just stay in your lane.
Keep your eye on
the prize. okay?
We'll handle it.
- And if you could
forward me the links
for the interviews.
that would...
Be great. thanks.
Hey.
I told you. we can't.
- I didn't come here for us.
I just wanted you to know that
I quit my job this morning.
If you need someone
to go on record.
I'm willing to do that.
- I didn't ask you
to do that for me.
- I know.
It's the right thing to do.
(lighthearted music)
- Okay.
Let's get you
ready for pre-tape.
Come on.
Stand by. queue.
- Queue standing by.
- Rolling.
- [Man] Here we go.
- Good morning. Milwaukee.
Today we start with
a special report.
fraud. at Imperium
National Bank.
I'm joined today
by a former member
of the Imperium National
Bank marketing team.
Tom Malone.
Good morning. Tom.
- Good morning.
Thank you for having me. River.
I wish it were under
better circumstances.
- Tom. how widespread is this?
Is it happening at other banks?
- Well. without a
proper investigation
there's no way of saying how
widespread the practice is.
- The biggest question
coming out of this
is how could this have happened
at such a respected institution?
- Right.
Our costumers trusted us.
and we broke that trust.
Every sales culture
is competitive.
but when there's
unreasonable expectations.
that can cause people to
operate from desperation.
I hope Imperium sees
this as an opportunity
to both reflect. and to do
what's right for its customers.
- It's officially gone viral.
- Breaking from Milwaukee today.
the fraudulent practices
of local Imperium
National Bank salespeople.
- Cracked the case in
a nationwide scandal.
where a high pressured
sales culture
drove employees to--
- Create fake accounts
under customer names.
We go live to Imperium's
headquarters in New York
where Brian Vantana
is on the scene.
Brian.
- What did I tell you?
- Yes!
(knocking)
- Oh. door's open!
- We got a call about a
complaint at this address?
- What happened in here?
- Tom sent the flowers.
and the board game.
Listen. I called this group hang
because I need to talk
to you about something.
- Oh. we've talked about it.
and we all unanimously agree
you should give
Tom another chance.
- No. that's not what
I want to talk about.
Wait. seriously?
Unanimously?
- Yeah. and all your reasons
for being upset are valid.
- Totally.
But I think he was
coming from a good place.
I mean. misguided. but good.
Which counts for something.
- Plus. he ultimately
did the right thing.
- Plus. plus. you're so
happy when you're with him.
we just--
- But I can't get back
together with Tom.
- Wait. but--
- Because I think I'm
moving to Chicago.
- Oh!
- When the story went national.
they offered me a job
at Good Morning Chicago.
(laughing)
- And what did you tell them?
- I mean. I was
thinking of saying yes.
(laughing)
- Yeah. yeah.
- But I don't know. now I'm
all in my head about Tom.
- Chicago's a two
hour drive away.
If you want to fix
things with Tom.
this move is not gonna
be the end of the world.
- Plus. there's a Six Flags
like right in the
mid-point of the. it's...
- I don't know.
My gut is screaming yes. but
my head is. I don't know.
what if I'm not ready?
What if my dream job actually
turns out to be a nightmare.
or what if--
- Hey. we have watched you put
yourself out there all month.
and you have flourished.
You're doing that storytelling
competition tomorrow.
you broke a national news story.
You fell in love.
All those things sounded
terrifying at Christmas.
and yeah. some of them came
with really hard bumps.
Would you change any of it?
- So. here's what
we're gonna do.
Jackson's gonna go buy some
boxes and packing tape.
I'm gonna get that pizza.
while you run through
tomorrow night's
storytelling piece for us.
But first. you're going to
call Good Morning Chicago
and tell them that today
is their lucky day.
- I'm glad you
guys feel that way.
because I called them this
afternoon and said yes.
- She's going to Chicago!
- We're going to Six Flags!
- Group hug!
(laughing)
(lighthearted music)
- The truth is. I
was hiding behind no.
It was safe in a bubble
of what was familiar.
and easy to tell
myself I was doing well
when I was risking so little.
But my friends showed me
that by playing it small.
I was only leaving
space for fear.
So. when I fell in love
with Tobias. let's call him.
I realized I was only
vividly imagining
all the ways things
could go wrong.
and not open to all
the exciting things
that could go right.
Possibilities I hadn't
even thought of.
I've done a lot of
things this past month
that have challenged me.
but falling in love...
I wouldn't change
a thing about it.
(clapping)
(laughing)
- All right. that
was Kelly Leone.
Absolutely fantastic.
And now. let's give
a warm Story Slam...
Yeah. yeah. sure.
- Thank you.
Hi there. everybody.
I'm Tobias.
(lighthearted music)
(laughing)
So. Kelly's favorite book
when she was growing up
was "The Velveteen Rabbit".
Now. there's this
part in the story
where the character of
the Skin Horse explains
how you become real.
And he says. "By the
time you're real.
"most of your hair
has been loved off.
"your eyes drop out. but
none of that matters at all.
"because once you're
real. you can't be ugly.
"except to people who
don't understand."
Before I met Kelly.
I was running around.
I was pleasing everyone.
and never really
letting them know me.
Kelly is the most authentic
person I've ever met.
She made me real.
She made me check
in with my gut.
and now that I'm being
honest with myself.
I decided to finally
chase my childhood dream.
and I accepted a job in Chicago.
which I know. it
sounds weird right now.
but I promise you. I had no idea
you were going there. I promise.
Anyway. I just wanted
to say thank you.
And I wanted to
let you know that
I'm never gonna hide myself
ever again. because of you.
(lighthearted music)
(chuckling)
- Yeah.
- I'll see you in Chicago?
- Yes.
(chuckling)
(lighthearted music)
(lighthearted outro music)